[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/lt9KZz0TRKmaFc8ZcLhMdg/badge)](https://hackmd.io/lt9KZz0TRKmaFc8ZcLhMdg)

# CarpenPi Community Meeting 6

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
Please sign in:
* Colin Sauze, Aberystwyth University, Wales/UK, cos@aber.ac.uk
* Alycia Crall, The Carpentries, Colorado/US, alycia@carpentries.org
* Ben Krikler, Uni. Bristol / THE Port, Antwerp/Belgium, b.krikler@cern.ch
* Jannetta Steyn, Newcastle Univercity, jannetta.steyn@newcastle.ac.uk
* 
* 

## Apologies
* Angelique Trusler, angelique@carpentries.org
* Heather Turner
* Ethan White
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
    * Colin and Abhishek
        - Testing script a few time on installation using a VM using Raspbian. Want to do one more check.
    * Jannetta: Raspberry Pi's response to use of logo
        - Did not have much luck with use of the logo; sent an email that seemed to be a form response. Said we should consult a lawyer; see published guidelines on website; they cannot provide legal advice to third parties on trademark matters
        - Colin: use a generic raspberry
        - Jannetta: use another type of symbol? Existing logo can be seen on Slack or github
        - Alycia provided link to carpentries' requirements (https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/communications/resources/logos.html) which basically indicates that if we modify the logo we need to get approval. Jannetta will forward the Raspberry Pi Foundation email to Alycia. Alycia will discuss with committee and provide feedback
        - Should we assign intellectual property ownership to the Carpentries? Perhaps by adding the project to the Carpentries Incubator. This way the Carpentries would own the project and could negotitate any legal aspects on our behalf. We have asked Alycia to also discuss this possibility with the Carpentries  Committee.
4. Anything else?
    * THE Port hackathon: theport.ch/
        - The Port is a humanitarian hackerthon, usually in person at CERN but not part of CERN. Goal to bring scientist, engineer, etc from humanitarian chanllenges together. Select challenges and then send out a call for participants. We have been working to shape CarpenPi as a challenge for the hackerton. Participants get a few weeks beforehand for preparation. Last year was and this year will  be online.
        - Colin pointed out that item 8 in the Port document, ```It would be nice to have some 3D designs made for SD cardholders and Raspberry PI cases with the CarpenPI logo on``` would be problematic if the logo has not been finalised.
        - Jannetta suggested that we have the teams work on it if the issues are settled by then and a logo has been decided on. If not the teams can work on something generic with place for the logo or else point 8 can be omitted from the challenge.
        - 1st meeting with teams next week around 17:00 Swiss time.
6. Saranjeet's feedback and third brainstorm session
