# CarpenPi Community Meeting 8

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/YqgGMEqwTfyd4Awwg95lGA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/YqgGMEqwTfyd4Awwg95lGA)

## Date: 

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
Please sign in:
* Jannetta Steyn
* Alycia Crall
* Ethan White
* Mishka Saleem
* Colin Sauze
* Michael Culshaw-Maurer
* Abhishek Dasgupta

## Apologies
* Angelique Trusler
* 
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
    * The Port
6. Alycia and Michael: News from The Carpentries
7. 
8. AOB

## Notes

* Alycia (Director of Community) & Michael (Postdoc - Carpentries + CyVerse) joining us from The Carpentries
* Mishka - met at The Port and interested in doing workshops in Pakistan
* The Port hackathon update
    * Humanitarian technology projects
    * Hackathon weekend has now completed
    * Successful
    * Invited to join the broader CarpenPi effort
* Carpentries incubator
    * Would benefit greatly from becoming part of The Carpentries in one way or another
    * Carpentries Community Development team is currently interested in providing resources and infrastructure around building communities w/in Carpentries (https://carpentries.org/blog/2021/10/announcing-community-development-program/)
    * Carpentries is combining a variety of community support programs to provide a simpler unified approach going forward. Planning to launch Q2 2022
    * Could move some CarpenPi activities over to Carpentries Incubator and be supported there
    * We present primarily a technical stack not lessons, does this match with Carpentries Incubator approaches?
    * There is some flexibility in what is covered by Carpentries Incubator
    * Might be good to have a discussion with the Carpentries Infrastructure team
        * We would need hosting of SD card images
        * Have inadvertently created a way to self-host all the infrastructure to run a lesson on a server of your own. This can be a useful backup for regular lessons if Github/etherpad/software download sites are unavailable.
    * CarpenPi might be more relevant outside of the Incubator per se given Incubator's focus on lessons
    * What are the outputs of this project?
        * SD card build system
        * Software for downloading relevant components of software and lessons
        * Training material for running a workshop using this infrastructure
        * Lesson material related to this (e.g., a version of the git lesson using Gitea)
    * Who should we train on how to use CarpenPi? Instructors or Instructor Trainers?
        * We could create an extra episode to instructor training for delivering a lesson with a CarpenPi.
        * Train the instructor trainers to teach this to the trainee instructors.
    * CarpenPi is excited about moving under Carpentries, it's just a question of where it belongs
    * We don't need infrastructure support on Carpentries end
    * Good to keep everything together
    * Could move to everything to incubator, but are there big benefits to the group of moving
    * Discuss with infrastructure team where conceptually this belongs
    * Copyright benefits to moving into Carpentries
    * Branding as part of Carpentries is a positive impact of switching now
    * Opens up a broader community of potential participants
    * Michael will chat with Francois about moving to incubator and get back to us
    * Are there any complexities with respet to issues, PRs, etc?
        * Will have a CarpenPi team within incubator that has Maintain access to all CarpenPi repos
        * Should be seamless
    * We can also reduce the number of repos as part of the transfer process
    * Add a new repo following the lesson template to replace the website
    * Agree to ask Carpentries to move to the incubator program
* Start looking at running a pilot workshop
* Follow up with Jamie regarding github actions image building
* Next meeting Tuesday December 7th, same Zoom link