# ![](https://i.imgur.com/3JvjFbv.png) CarpenPi - First Meeting

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/CXOjJBbUQhmniydxwMj8vA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/CXOjJBbUQhmniydxwMj8vA)


## Code of Conduct
It makes sense to me to adopt the Carpentries Code of Conduct.
[The Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)
:+1:

## Welcome and Introductions

## Links
- Github organisation: https://github.com/CarpenPi

## Participants

Please add your name / email, time zone as UTC+# / preferred pronouns (if any) / GitHub / Twitter / anything else ...
(Emoji cheat-sheet available at https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet)
1. Jannetta Steyn / :email:jannetta.steyn@newcatle.ac.uk / :clock1230:UTC+1 / she,her / :octopus:jsteyn / :bird:jannettas
1. Abhishek Dasgupta / :email: abhidg@trenozoic.net / :clock1230: UTC+1 / he,him / :octopus: abhidg / :bird: abhidg
1. Ethan White / :email: ethanwhite@ufl.edu / :clock1230: UTC-4 / he,him / :octopus: ethanwhite / :bird: ethanwhite
1. Colin Sauze / :email: cos@aber.ac.uk / :clock1230: UTC+1 / he,him / :octopus: colinsauze
1. Alison Clarke / :email:alison.r.clarke@durham.ac.uk / :clock1230:UTC+1 / :octopus:alisonrclarke / :bird:alisonrclarke
1. Flic Anderson / :email: contact@felicityanderson.co.uk / :clock4: UTC+1 / she/her / :octopus: FlicAnderson / :bird: Flic_Anderson 
1. Anicet Ebou / :email: anicet.ebou@gmail.com / :clock1230: UTC / he, him/ :octopus: Ebedthan / :bird: anicetebou
1. Ziv Shkedy / :email: ziv.shkedy@uhasselt.be /:clock1230: UTC + 2/ he, him/ :bird: ZivSH
1. Virnaliz Cruz / :email: virnaliz.cruz@weecology.org / :clock1230: UTC-4 / she,her /
1. Kari L. Jordan / :email: kariljordan@carpentries.org / :clock1230: UTC-4 / she,her / :octopus: kariljordan / :bird: drkariljordan
1. Heather Turner / :email: ht@heatherturner.net /:clock1230: UTC+1 / she,her / :octopus: hturner / :bird: HeathrTurnr

## Apologies
1.Emily Lewis
1.
1.
1.
1.

## Agenda
1. Housekeeping (2 minutes)
   - Any volunteer for note taking?
   - Would you like this meeting recorded? Please add :+1: or :-1: on the line below:
   - 
1. Welcome and introductions
   - [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html) (2 minutes)
   - One minute introductions (about 10 minutes)
   - A short word from Kari Jordan (5 - 10 minutes). This fits in with Carpentries strategic plan (https://carpentries.org/strategic-plan/): Improve mechanisms for participation and contribution to our community by investigating ways to support more languages, better understanding the needs of signing and non-signing members of the Deaf and hard of hearing community, and enabling more ways to participate that are not dependent on stable internet access.
)
3. Our aims - what do we want to work towards. Setting milestones.
4. Nine repositories (so far). What else do we need (if anything)?
5. The R bits - what projects are out there already that might want to merge/collaborate?
    - Weecology (University of Florida) Web Free Data Science (https://github.com/weecology/web-free-data-science) - R/Data Carpentry workshops. Contacts: Ethan, Virnaliz.
    - Forwards workshops (e.g. R package development, intro to R) https://github.com/forwards/workshops. Contact: Heather.
    - eR-Biostats Biostatistics/R modules https://erbiostat.wixsite.com/erbiostat. Contact: Ziv.
    - HealthyR Health care data analytic modules https://healthyr.surgicalinformatics.org/. Contact: Riinu Pius :bird: _Riinu_
    - AfricaR https://africa-r.org/. Contact: Anicet.
7. What skills will we require?
    - Programming
    - Document Writing
    - Website development
    - System administration
8. Grants/Funding
    - The Port Hackathon
    - R Consortium Infrastructure Steering Committee (https://www.r-consortium.org/projects/call-for-proposals): next round September 2021.
    - Hardware
    - Someone mentioned something during the SSI CW, but I can't find the post anymore. It was also some R-related funding.
9. What else? 
    - worth considering splitting into working groups? 
    - worth creating/expanding a 'team' page somewhere to list skills of new members to help collaborate more effectively? (Suggestion to start with this, we can transfer it to GitHub later: https://hackmd.io/@jannetta/rk8HiIxPO)
10. Next meeting - how often should we meet?
    - Once a month?

## Meeting Notes

* TO DOs
    * Kari Jordan - Reach out to RaspberryPi Foundation and then update the group
    * Jannetta Steyn - Poll and schedule next meeting for one month from now
    * Jannetta Steyn - start a HackMD document to finalize inital thinking on working groups
    * Everyone - engage in discussion on working groups
    * Everyone - develop initial goals for each working group
    * Everyone - recruit potential new participants (to both larger group and individual working groups)

* The Carpentries' Code of Conduct is adopted for CarpenPI
* Introductions
    * Jannetta Steyn - Research Software Engineer at Newcastle, Organizes Carpentries workshops
    * Abhishek Dasgupta - RSE at Oxford working on pandemic
    * Ethan White - Faculty at University of Florida
    * Alison Clarke - RSE at Durham University, part of original Hack Team, background in Software Engineering, helping academics develop these skills
    * Flic Anderson - RSE at University of Edinburgh, interest in making training accessible in remote areas
    * Ziv Shkedy - Biostatistician at Hasselt University in Belgium, interested in training in developing countries
    * Virnaliz Cruz - PhD student at the University of Florida, went to schools and university in Puerto Rico without sufficient internet, so started working on this a couple years ago
    * Heather Turner - Part of Forwards R Foundation taskforce, which organizes workshops in countries with often poor internet
    * Kari Jordon - Exec Director for The Carpentries, Carpentries as a mandate in strategic plan to improve accessibility of training including, more languages, signing, and not dependent on stable internet access https://carpentries.org/strategic-plan/ 
* History
    * At SSI meeting had collaboration meetings to brainstorm ideas
    * Came up with this idea due to a member of the group from Indonesia where internet access was an issue
    * Jannetta loves RaspberryPI
    * Everyone was so excited about the idea they decided to continue after the collaborations workshop
* Aims
    * On website: https://carpenpi.github.io/ 
    * Is the overall goal to be form a new organization or to run within the workshop RaspberryPi and run workshops using RaspberryPI?
    * Goal - Grab a suitcase of RaspberryPIs including access points with all learning materials to avoid need for internet. Also bring RaspberryPIs to use as workstations.
    * Are there goals for specific areas to reach (e.g., X workshops in location Y)?
        * No, not yet
    * Start with a pilot workshop
    * Try to get funding to build the first suitecase of RaspberryPis
    * Develop a set of software and hardware to support workshops, not a separate set of workshops, similar to early Windows infrastructure (e.g., Windows Installer) for Software Carpentry

* Approach
    * 9 current repositories: https://github.com/CarpenPi/
    * What is the most important first step?
    * Could reach out to RaspberryPi Foundation about this (Kari would be willing to do this on behalf of the group if useful)
    * Because of the pandemic now is a good time to develop concrete goals
    * The Carpentries Core Team can put together a list of run and requested workshops in locations with limited internet access to help
    * What is the timeline for a first pilot, seems like we're still a ways off?
        * Would be good to set a goal for delivering first workshop
        * Get goals laid out so that we are ready once the world opens back up
    * Should we focus first on the software/hardware stack or organizing workshops?
        * Good idea to start by focusing on the stack
        * Develop a clear idea of what we have and what we need
        * Needs would be part of upcoming hackathons to get more people on board
        * But also start developing contacts and ideas for a strategic first workshop
    * Consider splitting into working groups to let individuals focus on components of the overall stack
    * Start developing list of contacts in locations that need these tools
    * Also develop plans for UK/US workshop at location near group of developers
    * We should also work on developing a reduced set of resources that will allow delivering the workshops while still fitting on RaspberryPis.
        * Work towards being able to have everything availble on the Pi
        * The server will likely require a large harddrive attached to it to support this
        * Good point to consider amount of data associated with courses
        * Large datasets can be a barrier to accessibility, so good to focus on reducing the most basic forms necessary
        *  Lessons are manageable but full software repositories will require a large harddrive
        *  Can reduced sets of packages for CRAN to keep sizes down
    *  Goals to develop before next meeting
        *  Recruit members for working groups (after deciding on them now)
        *  Each working group develop it's own initial set of goals before next meeting
    *  Working groups
        *  Website development?
        *  Start with infrastructure before website
        *  Infrastructure working group
            *  Pis, things that go on them, and tools for updating them
        *  Funding?
            *  Difficult to make case for funding without a working prototype and a plan for where to run initial round of workshops
        *  Consider splitting core networking infrastructure and code for downloading/updating user facing resource development (e.g., R, CRAN, lessons)
        *  Each working group could develop it's own initial set of goals before next meeting
        *  Janetta will start a new HackMD document to finalize inital thinking on working groups
* Next meeting
    * When?
        * One month
        * Janetta will schedule
    * Recruit additional members before next meeting


## Links of interest
- https://github.com/weecology/web-free-data-science