# CarpenPi Community Meeting 12
## Date: 2022-03-01

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
### Please sign in:
* Jannetta Steyn
* Ethan White
* Colin Sauze
* Virnaliz Cruz

### Apologies
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Name
2. Logo
3. Organisational structure
    
## Notes

* 12th meeting so 1 year old!
* Name & Logo
    * multitool got the most votes
    * recognition of a swiss army knife might very with age
    * this recognition could vary by region as well
    * the wireless symbol is pretty universally recognized
    * for the sake of simiplicity and clarity use the offline option
    * "Carpentries Offline" is easily understandable
* Carpentries meeting on logos & trademarks
    * Don't change shapes, but changing colors OK
    * Will submit offline logo to Carpentries committee
* Plan to update repo names & logo
* Pilot
    * COVID restrictions being lifted in UK
    * But not fully in cWales yet
    * Once fully lifted in Wales then proceeed with pilot
* Organisational structure
    * We are small at the moment and it's not necessarily necessary
    * A lot of people have come and gone
    * Should we have the four of us as a central committee
    * Is it time to develop a more formal organizational structure
    * The main goal would be to retain new members and reduce turnover
    * Organizational structure might not be the short-term key to this so table this until we've grown a bit
* New R infrastructure available for tracking most recent versions
    * Implemented for downloading most recent R
    * Working minicran
    * Still needs to be integrated into the package itself (will try to do by next meeting)
* RaspberryPi OS
    * Forking into 32 and 64 bit
    * Currenly using 32
    * Do we want to support both or just selected one?
    * Which parts of our work are influenced by this?
        * Need two images
        * Etherpad doesn't have a 32-bit version
    * Pi3 and newer for 64 bit
        * More work to do both
        * If we pick one should be 64 bit
        * 32 will run on everything, but lose full access to high end memory
        * Stick with 32 for now until pilot and then re-evaluate
* Should Jannetta buy Pis for the group from her fellowship
    * Ethan & Virnaliz have them already
* Places to run workshops
    * Puerto Rico might be a good option
    * Folks are bilingual
    * Easy travel from US/Florida
    * Should check on current status of internet access at universities
* Two types of pilots
    * At current universities mostly for early testing
    * In locations with actually limited internet
    * Could start with local workshops and then proceed to do them on location in second phase
* Should we be hosting translations
    * Should we have different images for different languages
    * Is there a lot of localization at the download level beyond lessons?
    * If not then a single image with multiple sets of lessons might be sufficient
    * In some countries (e.g., PR, SA) much higher ed is delivered in English
    * This is important, but we also need to get the basics up and running
    * Translating lessons is another big topic that we could discuss later
