# CarpenPi Community Meeting 11
## Date: 2022-02-01

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
### Please sign in:
* Colin Sauze, Aberystwyth University
* Jannetta Steyn, Newcastle University
* Omar Khan, The Carpentries
* Alycia Crall, The Carpentries

### Apologies
* Ethan White
* Virnaliz Cruz
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
4. Alycia and Omar to give feedback on Carpentries trademark and logo policy.
5. SSI Fellowship
6. AOB
    
## Notes

### SSI Fellowship
Jannetta has been awarded an SSI Fellowship which will have some money for CarpenPi. Suggesting to purchase a Pi for each core developer. 

### Git repository cleanup

Git repositories have been cleaned up, we now only for repositories. Installer, website, instructor training and offline data science.

### Pilot Workshops
Dates for pilot workshop still to be confirmed. 

### Logo
Trademark and logos working group trying to form a policy on guidance for Carpentries logos. Policy rolls out this week.
Blog post with updated policy coming next week. Big change is that any modifications to the logo still look similar to the original. Focus on colour changes (allowed) rather than shape changes (not allowed). We could change the hexagon in the middle of the logo to red.

Putting multiple colours inside the hexagon is ok. For anything around the logo there needs to be distance between the main logo and other logos. Logos more distant, below or the right of the text is ok.

We will put some potential logos to Omar, but he will take them to the working group for approval.

Still need to confirm that the name CarpenPi is ok. We could come up with some alternative names. Put these to Omar and the trademarks and logos working group.

### Actions
* Colin and Jannetta check the logo and name with the rest of the group.
* Alycia and Omar to double check Raspberry Pi branding guidelines.

### AOB
Jamie submitted a pull request with github actions building the image automatically.