# Carpentries Offline Community Meeting 28
## Date: 2023-12-13

## GitHub Repository
https://github.com/CarpentriesOffline

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
### Please sign in:
* Jannetta Steyn
* Ethan White
* Abhishek Dasgupta
* Colin Sauze
* Toby Hodges

### Apologies
* Virnaliz Cruz
* 
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
4. Why is meeting 27's not
5. FOSDEM
6. AOB
    
## Notes

* Last months notes are still in codimd, but they are pinned in the Slack channel
    * https://codimd.carpentries.org/3kxQXxBiT0-lBCW1Hk0FXg?both#
* Not much progress on working group due to other things
    * Plan to pick up planning for this in the new year
* No discussion yet by Carpentries Core team about liaisons to groups
    * Substanially reduced core team availability
    * Expect Toby to be around less
    * Less availability of Carpentries Core more generally
* FOSDEM
    * Colin had SSI Fellowship funding
    * Colin, Jannetta, & Abhishek are all going to FOSDEM next year
    * Submitted both Open Research devroom and lightning talks
        * Should hear back around the end of the week
        * Acceptance rate?
        * Unknown, but reasonably good
    * Jannetta will 3D print Carpentries tools to serve as CarpentriesOffline bling
    * May get more attention if accepted
    * Are there things we want to do before that happens?
        * Updated RaspberryPi image?
        * Mini-HPC image release?
* Mini-HPC
    * Moved OS to SD
    * New router
    * If this fixes things that would allow getting a basic OS image available for uploading
    * CloudFlare based approach to hosting things up to 10 GB
        * Useful for image hosting
        * https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/developer-platform/r2/
    * Jannetta will look into this (again)
* Make some future weekly meetings working meetings
    * Virnaliz recommended this last time
    * Gives us an opportunity to make progress on web page, etc.
* January meeting
    * Shift back 1 week due to holidays
    * Work on FOSDEM stuff
    * 2 hour meeting
* Next big step(s)
    * Need to do in-person testing
    * Get this into hands of folks that need it
    * Should we try to get SSI to fund some sort of meetup?
    * Proposal for in-person meetup
    * Could get UK folks together in UK and US folks together in US
    * Workgroup proposal: https://codimd.carpentries.org/oYLClLgNR9mA_umcc4bkBg?both
    * Could add South Africa as a site (or bring folks from South Africa to US/UK site)
    * Could do UK/US test first and then try things out in South Africa
