# Carpentries Offline Community Meeting 26
## Date: 2023-10-04

## GitHub Repository
https://github.com/carpentriesoffline

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants
### Please sign in:
* Jannetta Steyn
* Abhishek Dasgupta
* Colin Sauze
* Ethan White

### Apologies
* Sam Finnigan
* Virnaliz Cruz
* Andrew Gill
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
4. We won best poster award as RSECon23!!
5. We need to release so that people can test.
6. AOB
7. offlinedatasci fixes & write up
    
## Notes

* Jannetta considering a Carpentries Connect involving CarpentriesOffline
    * Can be very small
    * Could do one focused entirely on CarpentriesOffline (small)
    * Or make it part of something broader, like a Carpentries UK
    * General desire to have time for group to work together hackathon style
    * Some combination of online and offline with workshops for testing
    * Could also include the miniHPC
        * Not currently connecting to non-main nodes
        * Starting to work with Sam on this starting this weekend
    * End of February 2024 - Carpentries Executive Council (including Janetta) going to South Africa
    * Could do either a workshop or maybe even the Carpentries Connect during that trip
    * Would provide the opportunity to engage directly with a community that needs this
* Need a release
    * There is the RSECon23 release
* Carpentries is now being an official charity
    * Moving to "Board of Trustees" from "Executive Council"
* offlinedatasci fixes & write up
    * Some fixes in to avoid miniCRAN errors - use main
    * Better error handling more generally coming soon
    * Should boost the package some
    * Easy to get all the workshop material on own computer
    * Ethan & Virnaliz will finish draft of JOSS/JOSE paper and then send to group
    * PR to Installer for landing page for lessons
        * Redirect contributor to existing issues: https://github.com/carpentriesoffline/offlinedatasci/issues/53
* Explore using SSI funds to build more miniHPC's
* Janetta taking course on community engagement with funding from SSI
    * Useful for managing community as these tools start getting used actively in workshops
* SSI may have $ right now so we could request funding to support travel for things like the Carpentry Connect above
* What is the status of docs for running a workshop using Carpentries Offline
    * Abhisek is working on a PR for some of this
    * Reach out to #general channel on Carpentries for additional assistance
    