# Carpentries Offline Community Meeting 13
## Date: 2022-04-14 16:00 - 17:00 London Time

## [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Links

## Participants

### Planning to attend:
* Jannetta
* Abhishek
* Ethan
* Virnaliz

### Please sign in:
* Jannetta Steyn
* Colin Sauze
* Ethan White
* Virnaliz Cruz
* Abhishek Dasgupta

### Apologies
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Code of Conduct
2. HouseKeeping
3. Feedback for previous meeting's TO DOs:
    - Our new name - The Carpentries Offline
    - Our new logo 
    - ![](https://i.imgur.com/yaFrp8n.png)
4. Offlinedatasci update

5. RSE Conference 2022 - September
    - Workshop
        - How many people?
        - What to cover?
        - What is needed?
    - Poster 
7. AOB
    
## Notes

* offlinedatasci update
    * R, miniCRAN, RStudio, all in current interface
    * next steps - working on Python and associated packages
    * addressing issues with cross-OS compatibility
* Name/log update
    * Using "offline" naming and associated logo
    * Carpentries is happy with the current version
    * Still haven't done repo name changes yet
    * Will make the changes and including "formerly known as Carpenpi" to avoid confusion
* RSE conference this fall
    * Poster for fall conference
        * Jannetta will draft and circulate abstract
        * Deadline is late April/early May
    * Workshops
        * Half day & full day
        * Get some people who are interested
        * Have participants follow through setup of Pi's to debug instructions
        * Stress test Pi's
        * Could also have folks test offlinedatasci (good since Pi's are out of stock right now)
        * Colin & Abhishek available to help Jannetta with workshop
        * Also check with Jamie to see if he's interested in attending/helping
        * Also check in with folks from collaborations workshop
        * Jannetta will draft and circulate abstract
        * Deadline is late April/early May
        * Will request purchase of Pi's in case they become available
    * Side event
        * Do workshop instead of side event
* Jannetta planning to test Pi build from image
    * Colin will check and update all the naming
* More work in South Africa
    * Anelda Vanderwalt has a lot of experience in this space
    * Power is an issue as well as connectivity
    * Solar is too costly and taxed to be a solution
    * But a Pi on it's own panel wouldn't be taxed and should be feasible
    * Long-term goal of being able to run on solar + battery power